drivers: spi: enhance spi shell

This commit enhances the SPI shell in a number of different ways:
- Previosly only spi buses could be specifed as a spi device at the command
line. Now both spi buses and spi devices (physical device on the spi bus, not
the device struct) can be specified.
- Both spi buses and spi devices can be specified by their node name or by any of
their node labels.
- Instead of having a single instance of a spi config struct, each spi bus and
spi device has it's own dedicated config, stored inside the added spi_thing
struct abstraction as spi_dt_spec. This means that user only has to configure
spi config once for each device and use them freely, without needing to
reconfigure them every time after switching between different spi devices.
- Spi devices get their spi configs automatically from the devicetree at compile time. This means
  that once a good working configuration is found for a spi device, that can be specified as a
  "default" in the devicetree.
- Spi devices don't need to have their status set to "okay" or be initialized by their driver to be
  accessible from the spi shell. As long as the spi bus that they are on has statis="okay", they can
  be accessed.
- When changing a cs pin with cs, the spi device/bus needs to first be specified before specifying
  the gpio device. The tab completion will help users to autocomplete both of the arguments.


Implementation details

- It was possible to gather all the information about the spi devices from the devicetree at the compile
  time, but not for the spi buses. For the spi devices we have a way to filter out all "spi device
  nodes that are on an okay spi bus" with a devicetree macros and extract some data from those
  nodes. For the spi buses that is not possible, since there is not compile time check to filter out
  non-spi bus nodes.
- So, fof the spi buses this discovery step has to be done at the runtime, with the help of SYS_INIT
  macro and shell_device_filter function.
- Since we now allow users to either specifiy a spi bus or a spi device by their node label or their
  node name, we needed to have a way to map those strings to the correct spi config struct, so we
  can later pass it to the spi API functions or do some configuration on it. That work is done by
  the find_spec_by_label and the two arrays, spi_things and maps.
